fix(routing): emit error for forbidden rewrite (#12339)
withastro/astro: .changeset/proud-games-repair.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Now Astro emits an error when `Astro.rewrite` is used to rewrite an on-demand route with a static route, when using the `"server"` output.
> 
> This isn't possible because Astro can't retrieve the emitted static route at runtime, because it's served by the hosting platform, and not Astro itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an error when `Astro.rewrite()` is used to rewrite an on-demand route with a static route when using the `"server"` output.

This is a forbidden rewrite because Astro can't retrieve the emitted static route at runtime. This route is served by the hosting platform, and not Astro itself. 
```
